I stood on the bathroom counter, naked, with my back to the mirror, my hands spreading my ass cheeks so far open my anus actually felt strained.  My legs held a wide stance, as I peered between them with my head between my knees, staring in awe at the upside-down reflection of my beautiful shit-winker.  It was red, wrinkled, and seemingly limitless in depth.  A few stray dingleberries were clinging to my long anal-pubes, a result of inadequate wiping.  I loosened the grip of my right ass cheek, freeing one hand, then using it to circle the rim of my anus with my index finger in a somewhat tickling fashion.  My asshole flexed from the sudden and titillative sensation, involuntary retracting in an almost winking gesture.  I giggled, then farted.  Expecting to see some kind of cartoon-like green fumes or brown bubble, but instead just watching my little pucker momentarily expand then reseal, returning to it's natural form.

"You're amazing," I whispered.

My wife sat on the nearby toilet, sobbing with her head in her hands.  The recent infatuation with my own sphincter was putting a strain on our relationship, one that admittedly wasn't going to be quickly remedied by any form therapy.  This was pure love, not just some cheap form of fleeting lust or passing human desire.  This was a burning, deep, enchanting devotion from the soul.  My asshole was the most beautiful thing I've ever encountered.  My wife realized this, and couldn't cope with her recent feelings of worthlessness.  Anything we once had was gone - my divine sphincter taking its place.

"I remember when you used to talk me like that," she sobbed.  "Look at me like that."

I slowly inserted my index finger inside of my gorgeous turd canal, moaning as my cock began to stiffen, shit residue staining my penetrating digit.  My breathing intensified, as my body clenched with orgasmic delight - a perversion so divine.

"How can you flaunt your mistress in front of me like this, gratify yourself like this? How?" she cried desperately.  Her voice cracked as her fading beauty-now meaningless to me-seemed to die a little more.  She meant nothing to me.  My bewitching brown oval consuming my soul with a desire like no other.

Lusting for just one kiss with my poop-chute, I pulled my finger from my ass, tasting it with sensual delight.  The sour, pungent taste of fecal matter brought my cock to a complete and raging hard-on - pulsating with every excited heartbeat.  Smacking my lips, I savored the grotesque turd juice, as if sampling a fine wine.  The pre-cum now dripping with erotic anticipation from my pounding ramrod.

"Hold my ass-cheeks open while I jack off," I ordered my wife.  "I want to see my asshole when I cum."

"No! I won't do it!" she screamed in complete distress, the hurt in her voice matching the desperate tears streaming down her face.  "This isn't right! It's not fucking right! I'm your wife!"

Ignoring her, I reinserted my index finger up my pooper, while furiously masturbating with my other hand.  Angels sang as I began building toward orgasm, moans of enchanting ecstasy echoing off the bathroom walls.  My eyes crossed as I screamed with absolute pleasure, I was close, so fucking close.

"Stop it! Stop it!" my wife pleaded.

My strokes became more defined, faster, harder.  I cried out in desperation.  Almost there...

"Jesus! Fucking stop it! This is our home! Ours!" she cried.  "How can you...?"

A tremendous warmth filled me, as my cock spit white gravy in immense, systematic spurts.  I continued fingering my asshole, stimulating my prostrate, enhancing the sexual euphoria, as my steaming cock shot thick man juice across the bathroom, clinging in long, mucilaginous strands to the wall.  My vision blurred, feeling the full force of the powerful quake.  The light faded as I fell into world of unconsciousness, basking in the comfort of my newfound love, and the endless pleasure of an absolute anal infatuation.