I’m a 19 year old sophomore at Ohio State University, and I’m probably Bernie Sanders’s biggest backer. For the past year, I’ve spent at least two hours a day diligently upvoting every pro-Sanders post I could find on Reddit. I’ve been scouring unbiased news sites like Fox News, Breitbart and Russia Today to find articles that expose Hillary (or, as per my own delightful coinage, $HILLary) Clinton. And I’ve developed a keen eye for detecting electoral fraud, shockingly finding it perfectly correlated with whether or not Sanders lost a state.

But because the FBI is in Clinton’s pocket, sadly, the major party nominees will be her and Trump. And quite frankly, I can’t how see bad a Trump presidency could be for young white guys like myself who don’t have to worry about earning an income yet.

For instance, one of Trump’s most controversial proposals is a ban on Muslim immigration. To that I say: come on! Is that it? You don’t need to be a STEM major to work out how this shouldn’t be a burden for anyone. All you need to do to get around it is become an atheist!

Trump’s also made some allegedly misogynistic remarks, such as “Women, you have to treat them like shit”. While that may be a little “politically incorrect”, isn’t it true that women are attracted to assholes? I mean that’s the only reason I don’t have a girlfriend. I think it’d be refreshing to have a President who’s not afraid to tell it like it is about women.

And finally, some people are worried that Trump’s election could trigger a global economic downturn. Eh, I haven’t really read enough about this to be sure either way. But if it did happen, well, popcorn tastes good, right? I mean, it’s not as I have a job to lose or anything.
Now, this isn’t to say I love Trump. He’s not as strong as I’d like on the major civil liberty battles of our time, like legal weed or ethics in video game journalism. But sometimes you have to pick the lesser of two evils. And I must admit, the choice becomes easier when the people Trump could hurt the most aren’t like me.