It's always been a fantasy of mine to be a slave to 2 burritos, chicken and steak, biting the chicken burrito then the steak, and vice versa. Slowly sliding my lips up and down their flour tortillas, tasting the sour cream on my tongue. 

Once I've had enough of that, I roll the burrito over, poor salsa over them lift them up as though they weighed nothing. Gently placing the steak burrito on my lips, I guide it in, feeling the burrito stretch me wide open. I moan with pleasure, feeling it fill me up. I growl softly, I feel it rumble deep in my chest, vibrating all the way down my gullet and to my stomach. 

I continue to lift up the burrito and then I swallow it down. But it is almost like the burrito is doing all the work for me, it feels so good, the warmth of the meat, guacamole on either side of the cheese. I am in total control, soon the steak burrito is just nothing, but I have total trust in the chicken burrito, I know he won't hurt me. 

I feel my pace quicken, almost imperceptibly. I slowly prepare myself, feeling myself nearing the point of no return coming closer with every bite. I can taste the chicken in the air; the chicken burrito fills me up even more, forcing me further and further into fatness. If it wasn't for the fact I my body is releasing so many endorphins, I would probably be screaming in agony. Except I am panting and whining, almost begging the burrito to fill me up. 

My stomach digs in deeper, to the table, its exquisite. It sends me over the edge. My head goes back, I let out a short grunt, I feel my fat expand, my chest is covered in salsa and burrito bits. I keep eating, it looks as though I'm trying to become a burrito. I let out another grunt, another bite, then another and another. 

A drop of my burrito lands on the person at the table next to me. He seems confused for a moment. That's what I think. I keep eating wrapping my man paws around the burrito even harder now, I roar. This is so good, oh my god. I can feel it, filling me up. It's indescribable. 

This burrito doesn't belong to me, I belong to the burrito, he's claimed me. I feel myself slow, the burritos are within me, it seems as though there's no more room. The chicken one is almost dripping out of me. I reach down, and then bring my hand up, tasting the burrito juice that I spilled on my lap. 

It's more than I ever expected. 

It's heaven.