I'd been doing research on the Tenga products and found a shop who's website claimed they would have them. Unfortunately they were out. I started looking at fleshlights but without much prior knowledge. I liked the price of the Sex in a Can line and was just browsing those.
The lady that worked there started giving me the spiel about how popular Fleshlights are and whatnot and said the stamina control unit was the most popular after the original.
I'm looking at the cans and they all have different textures and it was tough to figure it all out on the spot. They all had different openings too but I didn't care much about whether it looks like a pussy or an ass or a mouth - I want the one that feels best based on rubber things I rub on my dick.
I played it safe, I thought, and went with the one with the mini-stamina control texture - most popular and presumably tighter... I ain't that big. Bonus was the opening was just a small hole, I thought, that didn't look like anything. No fake pussy or mouth, or fangs - fyi: some have fangs.
But then I get home. Well, the first thing I did was use it once but during that I noticed that it did have that balloon knot look of an asshole but whatever. It felt fucking awesome. When I was done, and satisfied, I started googling the ["Gape Soda"](http://www.fleshjack.com/jacks-soda/)I bought and absolutely everything turned up gay and I'm not super comfortable with that. Turns out I bought a Fleshjack - the gay Fleshlight.
As much as the fake pussy versions are supposed to make you think pussy, this one is designed to be a dude's ass... that doesn't work for me. I'm trying to reconcile that it's just rubber and the same way I didn't need fake pussy lips means that I don't have to think of this thing as a dude's ass but it's not easy. I mean on one hand it's still the best tightness and texture for me, but I'll be penetrating a fake male butthole.
I'm not having a crisis that using this makes me gay. No, I just want to enjoy my $50 toy and I can't escape the thought of it being a male butt, which I don't really want. I don't want to buy a pussy based unit but I might have to now because I like the feeling but I have trouble with it this way.