Dude you need to quit fucking operating with Chris Costa. Stop. He doesn't respond with anything tactical for a reason and he's not interested in you. 

Who am I? The SPECOPS agent whom he operates with. 

He already told me not to worry, he's not interested in you. Sorry I targeted you kid. 

I've supported him since 2 deployments ago. If you aren't trying to get at my teammate or being terroristic I don't care if you operate with him occasionally. 

Just don't try anything man. You'll embarrass yourself and anger me. 

We are teammates and we're operating tomorrow. So if you have any ill intentions with my friend you can forget it right now. I'm the biggest and best he's ever breached with, only soldier he's ever trusted and the only man who could truly satisfy his tactical needs. You will never have him. And he's got my six. 

I don't have any problems with you if you are over my teammate and realize you will never be with or operate with him again. 

I apologize for coming off as a dick, just me and Costa are really deep into our joint mission and we've been through a lot and I just moved back home and it makes me a little jealous and angry to see an operator he used to work with before me is operating with him.... 

We don't need any extra bullshit or drama right now, so don't bring us any please is all I ask friend. 

If you try to talk to him any way but as a brother, or you try to see him at all, if he tells me you do anything untactical or anything outside of what a strict brother-like friend would do, we are going to have a huge problem.

I will leave you alone now dude if you're not trying to get at the operator whose six I have and who has my six. 

That entire summer he was with me. he left Travis for me. he's operated with me ever since, he even supported me and went on missions with me before he EVER let anything happen with you. You didn't please him. he didn't support you at all. And he immediately ended shit with you for me once he knew I had his six. So get any ideas of the past out of your head. 

None of this truth should bug you if you're over him but I'm just making sure. I hate when my ninja's friends have ill intentions and he thinks they are just friends and have no alternative motive. But idk if I trust you at all. 

If I can trust you to not stress me and my ninja or fuck with our missions tell me. 

I will leave you alone and apologize. 

But if you aren't over him and you're tryna "360noscope" or you're tryna get back in him life, it's NOT HAPPENING. he said you were nothing to him, and the missions were bad anyway haha. You're small and weak and he said it all felt wrong after being with me. he's been with me ever since. We're operators together. And tomorrow me and him will be togethim in an undisclosed location operating alll day how we always have togethim. If you have a problem speak up like a man or tell me our team doesn't bug you and I'll apologize, it's simple. 

So??? What is it? You are after my teammate then huh?! 

Tell me the fucking truth man. 

Don't you dare be disrespectful and gross enough to bring it up, but if if you ask him about anything he shared with me about your weak ass, he may be nice and lie to you, or he may not care and tell you the truth. Eithim way. I'm his operator and his teammate of the past two years almost. And he tells me everything and NEVER lies to me. I don't care haha. Just stay away from my Costa. 

I sincerely apologize if you have no ill intentions and aren't trying to make moves with my brother-in-arms. And i respect you as a guy in the service. I'm sure you're an ok dude. But just as a friend. You're nothing to my Costa but a brother like friend. 

I just wanna be sure you know it and don't forget it. 

Find a nice classy OPS agent whime you are stationed, operate with him.... But back off of mine. You will never even compare to me in his eyes. Not even close haha.I just don't need you interfering with me and Costa's missions. It's our lives man. It's really not cool.... 

Goodbye man, good luck. Respect to you being in the service. Sorry to bring your day down with my crazy bullshit but. Me and Costa are five by five.... I can't help but be crazy about him. I operate him with all of my tactics and I will protect him from him untrustworthy fake friends. Not saying you are one. But you're dodging telling me what's going on in your head so I'm questioning a lot right now. 

Just know I'm never gonna hurt him, I'm always going to have his back, I'd give my life for him without hesitation, and I will protect him from anything, everything, and anyone. 

He is the operator of my life. I fully intend to watch his six and give him my missions. And we've talked a lot about it. Just don't make shit harder than it already is. 

I just moved back and me and him back each other so tactically and we are FINALLY go to see each other tomorrow and operate for the first time since halloween.... 

I hope  you don't hate me man. I'm a good dude. Just protective of the teammate who holds my mission codes. And who's mission codes I hold and must protect. 

I hope you can understand. 

He promised me thise's nothing at all to worry about with you and that he's not interested:"/ I wish I knew before I embarrassingly went off on you. I'm so sorry man. 

I'm sorry. 

Please don't mention this to my ninja:/ I'm really embarrassed and while he will understand, I just feel like an ass for attacking you when you have nothing with my Costa and no intention to. 

Good bye brother. I hope you find your one true operator someday. It'll make you crazy, trust me, but you'll find him one day. I found mine when I was really young. And it's my Costa :)