So my dad has become a lowkey doomsday prepper ever since reading a book about the vulnerability of our power grid. I'm not complaining though, because I've always thought it would be cool to have some assault rifles, and that's part of his new prepping regime.

So first off, I have limited experience with assault rifles. When we came up with this idea we went to a range, and tried out a 5.56 SCAR, a .308 SCAR, an ACR, an AK-47, and an FS2000. I liked them all, but the ACR stood out to me a little in terms of feel. Other than that though, other than basic gun knowledge, I don't know a whole lot about assault rifles other than recent research.

So my first question is why are the guns I named (other than the AK) so much more expensive than a traditional AR15? I'm assuming there has to be some reason, and I'd like a "fancier" rifle for no particularly good reason, but if there's no real difference then I don't think I can justify it.

My next question is what rifles you guys would recommend. My dad likes a deal, but I think in this scenario he wouldn't be opposed to buying something more expensive if it had advantages. We have tons of high quality hunting rifles and shotguns, so being able to really reach out and hit something isn't necessarily the main priority. He prefers something lower maintenance, I also like low maintenance but would trade some of that for higher precision/customization options. Selective fire rate is also extremely important to me. We like the idea of having one 5.56 gun because of ammo availability.

Basically we need 4, but ideally it would be two identical sets (we have two homes so two of the same for each home) and I think we are sold on some form of AK variant for the reliability. Which AK is best? Is it worth getting a 101 for the 5.56 or the 103(I think) for the traditional 47 round vs just getting a regular old 47? Are the improvements in the newer AKs worth investing in?

My last question would be what do you think is the best way of getting whatever we decide on? I've looked on many used sites, and it seems like there are some OK deals, but not necessarily what we want and most are expensive because they are customized. Average gun shops don't always have everything you might want either. The shop we rented the guns from has a decent selection. Will shops order in a gun for you if they don't have what you want? How do you get some of these harder to find rifles?

Thanks for any and all responses!